# Agenda

## Agenda Meeting 3

---

Location:       DW PC Hall 1\
Date:           15/02\
Time:           15:45-16:30\
Main focus:     Code of Conduct\
Chair:          Micloiu Diana\
Note taker:     Alan Kuźnicki

---

## Opening [15:45-15:46]
*Here you check that everybody is present.*

## Check-in [15:46-15:50]
*Make sure everything that needs to be discussed is in the agenda.*

## Agenda items
*The agenda items for this meeting*

[15:50-15:55] **Backlog draft** – {Discussing the feedback from the TA and improving the final document}

[15:55-16:05] **Code of Conduct** – {Drawing up the main points}

## Action points (for next week) – *Who, what, when?* [16:05-16:10]
*Every week you fill the Scrum board with new action points for that week.*

## Any other business [16:10-16:15]
*If anybody has something that should be discussed but came up with that after the agenda was finalized (in point 2), he/she should bring that up now so that it can be discussed after all.*

## Questions for the TA [16:15-16:25]
*Your TA will visit you in the second half of the lab session. Note down all questions that you have so that you can ask them then.*

## Question round [16:25-16:29]
*If there are any questions, now is the time to ask them.*

## Closing [16:29-16:30]
*Now you can start working on the project. Good luck!*

## Notes 
[15:47] **Meeting starts** 

[15:48] **Agenda** - {The agenda is read out by the chair of the meeting. TA announces their own planned actions for today.}

[15:50] **Stand-up meeting** - {As per the TA's instructions, the team members all stand up and give detailed accounts of what they did in relation to the project the past week.}

[15:56] **End of the stand-up** - {The TA notes down the team members' actions and concludes the stand-up section of the meeting.}

[15:57] **Resuming of meeting proper** - {Meeting proper is resumed by the chair. The team's changes to the backlog and the creation of the Code of Conduct are brought up to the TA.}

[15:58] **IMPORTANT POINT** - {Before the weekend, everyone has to have at least one merged merge request in the project repository. This can be as simple as adding one's own name to the readme file.}

[15:59] **Previous meeting recollection** - {The team goes over everything it worked on during the previous meeting.}

[16:00] **IMPORTANT POINT** - {The final backlog should be submitted as issues on gitlab to be worked on during the project. These issues should be clearly labeled as "must-have", "should-have" and "could-have."}

[16:01] **IMPORTANT POINT** - {When the deadline for submitting the backlog passes, the course team will release the official backlog to the students. The issues created based on our own backlog should then be compared - those absent from thee official backlog may be closed as they are unneccessary, those absent from out backlog but present in the official document need to be added to the list of issues.}

[16:03] **Code of Conduct** - {The chair mentions our work on the Code of Conduct to the TA, who agrees to go over it after the meeting and give the team detailed feedback.}

[16:05] **Code of Conduct questions** - {The TA addresses the team's questions and doubts regarding the Code of Conduct. Instructions on how to properly fill in the blanks are given to the team.}

[16:07] **Plan of action** - {The team discusses the plan of action for the coming week, scheduled meetings, what should be done by a certain day. The next meeting is scheduled for Thursday, February 17th.}

[16:08] **IMPORTANT POINT** - {The private assignment for this week should be done before the Thursday meeting of the team.}

[16:10] **Assignment feedback** - {The TA reiterates the general feedback for the Git assignment and assignments 1A, 1B of the team. All team members have finished their assignments on time and can thus proceed with the project.}

[16:13] **Git revision** - {The TA asks the team a series of questions to check our knowledge and help us revise the most important points. All members participate in answering the questions and there seems to have been a high retention of Git knowledge in the team.}

[16:17] **Git revision ended**

[16:19] **CheckStyle** - {The team brings up CheckStyle to the TA as well as the planned design choices reagrding the use of four-space tabs instead of four spaces or shorter tabs.}

[16:20] **IMPORTANT POINT** - {The team should agree on 5-10 checkstyle rules and add them to the proper file to endure consistency in code style.}

[16:25] **HCI assignment** - {More information given to the team about the HCI assignment. The team is to meet and work together using a website or app to design necessary screens for the Quizzz application as part of the HCI assignment.}

[16:27] **IMPORTANT POINT** - {The HCI assignment draft should be done quickly, before the end of week 3, so that feedback can be given in time and incorporated into the assignment before the actual deadline.}

[16:31] **Chair feedback** - {The TA praises the chair for their work during this meeting.}

[16:39] **Meeting end**
 
